Add AllDenomMetadata BankQuery (#1703)
CosmWasm/cosmwasm: MIGRATING.md

major releases of `cosmwasm`. Note that you can also view the
[complete CHANGELOG](./CHANGELOG.md) to understand the differences.

## 1.2.x -> 1.3.0

- Update `cosmwasm-*` dependencies in Cargo.toml (skip the ones you don't use):

  ```
  [dependencies]
  cosmwasm-std = "1.3.0"
  cosmwasm-storage = "1.3.0"
  # ...

  [dev-dependencies]
  cosmwasm-schema = "1.3.0"
  cosmwasm-vm = "1.3.0"
  # ...
  ```

> - If you want to use a fewture that os only available on CosmWasm 1.3+ chains,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to use a feature that is only available on CosmWasm 1.3+ chains,
```

  use this feature:

  ```diff

>   -cosmwasm-std = { version = "1.1.0", features = ["stargate"] }
>   +cosmwasm-std = { version = "1.1.0", features = ["stargate", "cosmwasm_1_3"] }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -cosmwasm-std = { version = "1.3.0", features = ["stargate"] }
  +cosmwasm-std = { version = "1.3.0", features = ["stargate", "cosmwasm_1_3"] }
```
